Hey
Race You
(snort) Stupid
Dang it
Hey
Race You
Race you
Aaah
Dang it
YES!
Dang it!
Yeah!
Hey
Hi
Have we met?
No, I don't think so-
I don't think so either because I would of definitely remembered a beautiful face like yours.
Can I buy you a drink?
Whatever he's getting you, I can get you a much more expensive one.
You don't strike me as a kind of girl who's superficial like that.
Says the guy who still lives at home with his mom.
I just love me mom.
Yeah, I'll have a whisky ginger.
No way.
Thats- my favorite drink.
Really?
I'm Phil
I-I'm Chris.
I'm sorry, what was your name?
I love your earrings.
I love your ears.
And I love that dress, you look gorgeous.
Yeah, I would love to see that dress on your bedroom floor.
Excuse me?
Uh- because you had uh- just changed into your pajamas.
I just think a girl looks the best when she's at home in sweats and t-shirts.
So do I, but I also appreciate it when a girl puts in the time and energy to look as
to look as stunning as you do.
For example, that nail polish, number 527 Chanel right?
Yeah, exactly.
What do you say we see each other again?
Uhh- I like your earring.
Already said that.
Okay.
So what's your number?
It's 310-
I love those numbers.
(laugh) 208
Great, keep going.
(gasp)
Dang it!
And that's how your mommy and I met.
I love that story.
Hey, you wanna get ready for bed?
Okay.
Race you!
Pfft
I win!
Dang it!
Action.
Hi
Uh- Hi
Have we met?
No I don't think so. (laughter)
You know, I-I almost caught those last ones, if you just wanna tap it in there right-
Right-
You know what, it's just a couple I'll- I'll guess it.
Can't be that many iterations so I'll just give you a call when I figure it out,
Alright, have fun.
Two ginger whis- one ginger whisky.